Mattel unveils a new round of Green
Lantern movie masters MacFarlane
introduces a TV line of The Walking Dead
and we check out these First Avenger
mini mates
this is articulation times welcome to
articulation times your source for
action figure news I'm John Airy and
here your top headlines for the week of
June 13 Mattel has released new picks of
its second series of Green Lantern movie
masters maskless Hal Jordan will come
with a power ring and visit is amok coal
Corona and Sinestro will come with
collect and connect pieces for a
parallax figure look for the wave to
release this summer
Mattel just released new pics of its
latest elite series of WWE wrestling
figs The Miz Randy Orton MVP Zack Ryder
Kofi Kingston and Luke Gallows should be
hitting shelves any day now so far
Sideshow Collectibles has announced
three exclusive figures for this year's
big convention the clone commander from
the Star Wars universe the GI Joe
inspired Cobra ninja Viper and an Iron
Man mark force secret project are
available for pre-order for attendees
and non attendees for the big show fifth
bang pal kicks off its new line of three
and three-quarter inch action figures
with the San Diego comic-con exclusive
Dexter this dark defender version of
Showtime's top serial killer is limited
to 3,000 pieces between 10 points
articulation and a blood slide accessory
he will cost $15 at the Entertainment
Earth booth McFarlane Toys has released
new images of its TV inspired wave of
The Walking Dead figures look for deputy
Rick Grimes Daryl Dixon a zombie Walker
and zombie biter
to release in November this set of
future foundation mini mates from
diamond select toys and art Asylum will
debut at the Disney Store the week of
San Diego comic-con they will make their
first appearance at the Fashion Valley
Mall Disney Store location which is just
a short trip to the San Diego Convention
Center
after the convention the set will ship
to Disney stores nationwide and skein of
mini mates its action figure review time
and today we're looking at the Captain
America the first adventure movie line
of mini mates from art Asylum and
diamond select let's open them up all
right so we got Captain America and the
Red Skull out of their packaging and my
first thoughts these guys have a lot of
accessories for the price I got them for
$7.99 for the pair and one of the things
I love about mini mates
I'm rarely disappointed because they're
always fun they always have good
accessories to compliment they're good
articulation and just kind of fun design
let's start first with Captain America
we have cap here and cap is is looking
pretty good he looks like the movie
version of Captain America it has a
helmet that will come off revealing
Steve Rogers and they're the neath via
the masts there now of course Steve has
hair so you can add this little plastic
toupee that he comes with and there you
got Chris Evans looking good
he also has this well probably the most
important accessory is shield that
mounts onto his back when you want to
put them in play there you just pop the
shield off and put it on a little peg on
his arm and when you're done playing
with the shield the shield will then go
back onto the peg on his back very nice
also he has a little sidearm here that
fits nicely into a small little holster
that will come out and fit snug into his
hand and he is ready for action nice
figure
the articulation is good like like most
mini mini mates here
he has articulation on the head plenty
of articulation on the shoulders with a
ball and joint a nice hinge on the elbow
his hands rotate
he has articulation where the leg and
the pelvis meet a hinge on the knees and
then some rotation on the feet which
will come off if you really want them to
alright let's move on then to red school
now you're probably saying John
rent school here he's kind of boring why
would I want to read school with a
normal-looking face ah here's the thing
artists Island diamonds select have
these these nice little features that
they'll put into their to their figures
that are very simple
this one included the face comes off and
reveals to be a mask ah and you get the
real menacing looking red skull
underneath there very nice now red
school here has the same articulation as
Captain America and he also has this
kind of thick plasticky overcoat Nazi
overcoat and it will come off underneath
is just the just a black generic mini
make figure design nothing really
exciting so I won't take it off but I
really do like the detail here on the
jacket he also comes with a little Luger
pistol and that is a cute little
menacing red school guy I really like
him a lot
again like I said before I really like
how the mini mates are designed
they're just fun figures and for the
price you get a lot of articulation a
lot of playability and these included
just really nicely designed I'm a big
fan and I think the other figures and
the line look pretty cool too so
definitely a thumbs up on the Captain
America the First Avenger Mini mate line
of mini meets said that twice alright
now let's take a look at what's in store
and this week's toy to birdwatch goes to
sniper 33 productions this guy reviews
all sorts of different action figures
check out his channel when you get a
chance that's it this week for
articulation times your source for
action figure news be sure to check out
the website articulation times calm
that's where we post the latest news and
reviews also you can follow us on
Twitter and Facebook
for articulation times I'm John Airy he
collected